Improve instruction on how to link in the RNs (#291)
kyma-project/website: docs/write-blog-posts.md

Use this pattern to add links to other documents:

``` Markdown
[Overview - In a nutshell](/docs/{VERSION}/{DOCS_TYPE}/{DOC_TOPIC}/#{HASH})
```
where:
- `{VERSION}` is the version of the referenced documentation.
- `{DOCS_TYPE}` is the type of documentation. The available types are `root` for documents related directly to Kyma, and `components` for the components documentation.
- `{DOC_TOPIC}` is the metadata type of the referenced documentation.
- `{HASH}` is an optional anchor link to the referenced documentation.

Examples:

```
[Overview - In a nutshell](/docs/master/root/kyma/#overview-in-a-nutshell)
```

```
[Create a bundle](/docs/master/components/helm-broker/#details-create-a-bundle)
```

> >**CAUTION:** In case of release notes, remember to put the release number in place of `{VERSION}`. For example, the reference to the Helm Broker 0.8 documentation looks as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For posts with release notes, put the release number in place of `{VERSION}`. For example, the reference to the Helm Broker 0.8 documentation looks as follows:
```
